The following structure is needed as a final submission for your project:

database.txt:
Stores all the data (see previous section). 

logfile.txt:
Stores loan history of library books (i.e. book_id, Checkout Date, Return Date). 
You need to populate the files with the realistic data (minimum 10 records).

booksearch.py: 
A Python module which contains functions used to allow librarian to input search terms as strings, 
and returns the output as described in the previous section. You can either: load the contents of database.txt into a list, 
and store this as a global variable for repeated use, or load the contents of database.txt each time a search is performed.

bookcheckout.py: 
A Python module which contains functions used to ask librarian for borrower’s member-ID and the ID of the book(s)
they wish to withdraw. Then, after performing the validity checks and functionality described in the previous section, 
should return a message letting the librarian know whether they have withdrawn the book successfully.

bookreturn.py: 
A Python module which contains functions used to ask the librarian for the ID of the book(s) 
the member wishes to return and provide either an appropriate error message, or a message 
letting them know they have returned the book(s) successfully.

booklist.py: 
A Python module which contains functions used to list the book titles (not book copies) 
in the popularity order and appropriately visualise the list by using the Python module Matplotlib. 
Use the records in both logfile.txt and database.txt to determine the popularity of book titles. 
You should come up with the details of the popularity criteria.

database.py: 
A Python module which contains common functions that the book search, checkout, return and list 
modules use to interact with the database file and logfile. 

menu.py: 
A python main program which provides the required menu options to the librarian for the program functionalities. 
The menu may be based on Python Graphical User Interface-GUI (namely the tkinter python module). 
In that case, the GUI must use only one window.
